kubernetes/docs/devel/cherry-picks.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->


<!-- END MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

# Overview

This document explains cherry picks are managed on release branches within the
Kubernetes projects.

## Propose a Cherry Pick

Any contributor can propose a cherry pick of any pull request, like so:

```sh
hack/cherry_pick_pull.sh upstream/release-3.14 98765
```

This will walk you through the steps to propose an automated cherry pick of pull
 #98765 for remote branch `upstream/release-3.14`.

## Cherry Pick Review

Cherry pick pull requests are reviewed differently than normal pull requests. In
particular, they may be self-merged by the release branch owner without fanfare,
in the case the release branch owner knows the cherry pick was already
requested - this should not be the norm, but it may happen.

[Contributor License Agreements](http://releases.k8s.io/release-1.1/CONTRIBUTING.md) is considered implicit
for all code within cherry-pick pull requests, ***unless there is a large
conflict***.

## Searching for Cherry Picks

Now that we've structured cherry picks as PRs, searching for all cherry-picks
against a release is a GitHub query: For example,
[this query is all of the v0.21.x cherry-picks](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr+%22automated+cherry+pick%22+base%3Arelease-0.21)




<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- TAG IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- END MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->


<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/docs/devel/cherry-picks.md?pixel)]()
<!-- END MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->

Commit message:

- update to 1.2.1 - add contrib form 81f6fc52617bf1cf02680f1a768b019ddf16c42b commit
Change-Id: I6d30ea447a65af128066de2b7093adabb478e6a4

kubernetes/docs/devel/cherry-picks.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->


<!-- END MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

# Overview

This document explains cherry picks are managed on release branches within the
Kubernetes projects.

## Propose a Cherry Pick

Any contributor can propose a cherry pick of any pull request, like so:

```sh
hack/cherry_pick_pull.sh upstream/release-3.14 98765
```

This will walk you through the steps to propose an automated cherry pick of pull
 #98765 for remote branch `upstream/release-3.14`.

### Cherrypicking a doc change

If you are cherrypicking a change which adds a doc, then you also need to run
`build/versionize-docs.sh` in the release branch to versionize that doc.
Ideally, just running `hack/cherry_pick_pull.sh` should be enough, but we are not there
yet: [#18861](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/18861)

To cherrypick PR 123456 to release-1.1, run the following commands after running `hack/cherry_pick_pull.sh` and before merging the PR:

```
$ git checkout -b automated-cherry-pick-of-#123456-upstream-release-1.1
  origin/automated-cherry-pick-of-#123456-upstream-release-1.1
$ ./build/versionize-docs.sh release-1.1
$ git commit -a -m "Running versionize docs"
$ git push origin automated-cherry-pick-of-#123456-upstream-release-1.1
```

## Cherry Pick Review

Cherry pick pull requests are reviewed differently than normal pull requests. In
particular, they may be self-merged by the release branch owner without fanfare,
in the case the release branch owner knows the cherry pick was already
requested - this should not be the norm, but it may happen.

[Contributor License Agreements](http://releases.k8s.io/release-1.2/CONTRIBUTING.md) is considered implicit
for all code within cherry-pick pull requests, ***unless there is a large
conflict***.

## Searching for Cherry Picks

Now that we've structured cherry picks as PRs, searching for all cherry-picks
against a release is a GitHub query: For example,
[this query is all of the v0.21.x cherry-picks](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr+%22automated+cherry+pick%22+base%3Arelease-0.21)




<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- TAG IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- END MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->


<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/docs/devel/cherry-picks.md?pixel)]()
<!-- END MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
