kubernetes/docs/admin/kube-proxy.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->


<!-- END MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

## kube-proxy



### Synopsis


The Kubernetes network proxy runs on each node. This
reflects services as defined in the Kubernetes API on each node and can do simple
TCP,UDP stream forwarding or round robin TCP,UDP forwarding across a set of backends.
Service cluster ips and ports are currently found through Docker-links-compatible
environment variables specifying ports opened by the service proxy. There is an optional
addon that provides cluster DNS for these cluster IPs. The user must create a service
with the apiserver API to configure the proxy.

```
kube-proxy
```

### Options

```
      --bind-address=0.0.0.0: The IP address for the proxy server to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)
      --cleanup-iptables[=false]: If true cleanup iptables rules and exit.
      --google-json-key="": The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.
      --healthz-bind-address=127.0.0.1: The IP address for the health check server to serve on, defaulting to 127.0.0.1 (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)
      --healthz-port=10249: The port to bind the health check server. Use 0 to disable.
      --hostname-override="": If non-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.
      --iptables-sync-period=30s: How often iptables rules are refreshed (e.g. '5s', '1m', '2h22m').  Must be greater than 0.
      --kubeconfig="": Path to kubeconfig file with authorization information (the master location is set by the master flag).
      --log-flush-frequency=5s: Maximum number of seconds between log flushes
      --masquerade-all[=false]: If using the pure iptables proxy, SNAT everything
      --master="": The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)
      --oom-score-adj=-999: The oom-score-adj value for kube-proxy process. Values must be within the range [-1000, 1000]
      --proxy-mode="": Which proxy mode to use: 'userspace' (older, stable) or 'iptables' (experimental). If blank, look at the Node object on the Kubernetes API and respect the 'net.experimental.kubernetes.io/proxy-mode' annotation if provided.  Otherwise use the best-available proxy (currently userspace, but may change in future versions).  If the iptables proxy is selected, regardless of how, but the system's kernel or iptables versions are insufficient, this always falls back to the userspace proxy.
      --proxy-port-range=: Range of host ports (beginPort-endPort, inclusive) that may be consumed in order to proxy service traffic. If unspecified (0-0) then ports will be randomly chosen.
      --resource-container="/kube-proxy": Absolute name of the resource-only container to create and run the Kube-proxy in (Default: /kube-proxy).
      --udp-timeout=250ms: How long an idle UDP connection will be kept open (e.g. '250ms', '2s').  Must be greater than 0. Only applicable for proxy-mode=userspace
```

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra at 2015-10-29 20:12:28.465584706 +0000 UTC




<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- TAG IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- END MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->


<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/docs/admin/kube-proxy.md?pixel)]()
<!-- END MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->

Commit message:

Update to upstream k8s 1.2.0 from github
Change-Id: I94acc6027ee943d4558ad3cbb47f2de7f86fd39f

kubernetes/docs/admin/kube-proxy.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->


<!-- END MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

## kube-proxy



### Synopsis


The Kubernetes network proxy runs on each node. This
reflects services as defined in the Kubernetes API on each node and can do simple
TCP,UDP stream forwarding or round robin TCP,UDP forwarding across a set of backends.
Service cluster ips and ports are currently found through Docker-links-compatible
environment variables specifying ports opened by the service proxy. There is an optional
addon that provides cluster DNS for these cluster IPs. The user must create a service
with the apiserver API to configure the proxy.

```
kube-proxy
```

### Options

```
      --bind-address=0.0.0.0: The IP address for the proxy server to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)
      --cleanup-iptables[=false]: If true cleanup iptables rules and exit.
      --config-sync-period=15m0s: How often configuration from the apiserver is refreshed.  Must be greater than 0.
      --conntrack-max=262144: Maximum number of NAT connections to track (0 to leave as-is)
      --conntrack-tcp-timeout-established=24h0m0s: Idle timeout for established TCP connections (0 to leave as-is)
      --google-json-key="": The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.
      --healthz-bind-address=127.0.0.1: The IP address for the health check server to serve on, defaulting to 127.0.0.1 (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)
      --healthz-port=10249: The port to bind the health check server. Use 0 to disable.
      --hostname-override="": If non-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.
      --iptables-masquerade-bit=14: If using the pure iptables proxy, the bit of the fwmark space to mark packets requiring SNAT with.  Must be within the range [0, 31].
      --iptables-sync-period=30s: How often iptables rules are refreshed (e.g. '5s', '1m', '2h22m').  Must be greater than 0.
      --kube-api-burst=10: Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver
      --kube-api-qps=5: QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver
      --kubeconfig="": Path to kubeconfig file with authorization information (the master location is set by the master flag).
      --log-flush-frequency=5s: Maximum number of seconds between log flushes
      --masquerade-all[=false]: If using the pure iptables proxy, SNAT everything
      --master="": The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)
      --oom-score-adj=-999: The oom-score-adj value for kube-proxy process. Values must be within the range [-1000, 1000]
      --proxy-mode=: Which proxy mode to use: 'userspace' (older) or 'iptables' (faster). If blank, look at the Node object on the Kubernetes API and respect the 'net.experimental.kubernetes.io/proxy-mode' annotation if provided.  Otherwise use the best-available proxy (currently iptables).  If the iptables proxy is selected, regardless of how, but the system's kernel or iptables versions are insufficient, this always falls back to the userspace proxy.
      --proxy-port-range=: Range of host ports (beginPort-endPort, inclusive) that may be consumed in order to proxy service traffic. If unspecified (0-0) then ports will be randomly chosen.
      --udp-timeout=250ms: How long an idle UDP connection will be kept open (e.g. '250ms', '2s').  Must be greater than 0. Only applicable for proxy-mode=userspace
```

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 7-Feb-2016




<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- TAG IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- END MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->


<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/docs/admin/kube-proxy.md?pixel)]()
<!-- END MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
