kubernetes/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_create.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->


<!-- END MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

## kubectl create

Create a resource by filename or stdin

### Synopsis


Create a resource by filename or stdin.

JSON and YAML formats are accepted.

```
kubectl create -f FILENAME
```

### Examples

```
# Create a pod using the data in pod.json.
$ kubectl create -f ./pod.json

# Create a pod based on the JSON passed into stdin.
$ cat pod.json | kubectl create -f -
```

### Options

```
  -f, --filename=[]: Filename, directory, or URL to file to use to create the resource
  -o, --output="": Output mode. Use "-o name" for shorter output (resource/name).
      --schema-cache-dir="/tmp/kubectl.schema": If non-empty, load/store cached API schemas in this directory, default is '/tmp/kubectl.schema'
      --validate[=true]: If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --alsologtostderr[=false]: log to standard error as well as files
      --api-version="": The API version to use when talking to the server
      --certificate-authority="": Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.
      --client-certificate="": Path to a client key file for TLS.
      --client-key="": Path to a client key file for TLS.
      --cluster="": The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context="": The name of the kubeconfig context to use
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify[=false]: If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.
      --kubeconfig="": Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.
      --log-backtrace-at=:0: when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace
      --log-dir="": If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --log-flush-frequency=5s: Maximum number of seconds between log flushes
      --logtostderr[=true]: log to standard error instead of files
      --match-server-version[=false]: Require server version to match client version
      --namespace="": If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.
      --password="": Password for basic authentication to the API server.
  -s, --server="": The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
      --stderrthreshold=2: logs at or above this threshold go to stderr
      --token="": Bearer token for authentication to the API server.
      --user="": The name of the kubeconfig user to use
      --username="": Username for basic authentication to the API server.
      --v=0: log level for V logs
      --vmodule=: comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
```

### SEE ALSO

* [kubectl](kubectl.md)	 - kubectl controls the Kubernetes cluster manager

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra at 2015-09-11 20:48:33.289761103 +0000 UTC



<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- TAG IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- END MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->


<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_create.md?pixel)]()
<!-- END MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->

Commit message:

Update to upstream k8s 1.2.0 from github
Change-Id: I86b8e7a8a5c874c7a0a0fc65cfe28d573726c3e0

kubernetes/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_create.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->


<!-- END MUNGE: UNVERSIONED_WARNING -->

## kubectl create

Create a resource by filename or stdin

### Synopsis


Create a resource by filename or stdin.

JSON and YAML formats are accepted.

```
kubectl create -f FILENAME
```

### Examples

```
# Create a pod using the data in pod.json.
kubectl create -f ./pod.json

# Create a pod based on the JSON passed into stdin.
cat pod.json | kubectl create -f -
```

### Options

```
  -f, --filename=[]: Filename, directory, or URL to file to use to create the resource
  -o, --output="": Output mode. Use "-o name" for shorter output (resource/name).
      --record[=false]: Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation.
      --save-config[=false]: If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. This is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.
      --schema-cache-dir="~/.kube/schema": If non-empty, load/store cached API schemas in this directory, default is '$HOME/.kube/schema'
      --validate[=true]: If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --alsologtostderr[=false]: log to standard error as well as files
      --certificate-authority="": Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.
      --client-certificate="": Path to a client certificate file for TLS.
      --client-key="": Path to a client key file for TLS.
      --cluster="": The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context="": The name of the kubeconfig context to use
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify[=false]: If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.
      --kubeconfig="": Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.
      --log-backtrace-at=:0: when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace
      --log-dir="": If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --log-flush-frequency=5s: Maximum number of seconds between log flushes
      --logtostderr[=true]: log to standard error instead of files
      --match-server-version[=false]: Require server version to match client version
      --namespace="": If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.
      --password="": Password for basic authentication to the API server.
  -s, --server="": The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
      --stderrthreshold=2: logs at or above this threshold go to stderr
      --token="": Bearer token for authentication to the API server.
      --user="": The name of the kubeconfig user to use
      --username="": Username for basic authentication to the API server.
      --v=0: log level for V logs
      --vmodule=: comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
```

### SEE ALSO

* [kubectl](kubectl.md)	 - kubectl controls the Kubernetes cluster manager
* [kubectl create configmap](kubectl_create_configmap.md)	 - Create a configMap from a local file, directory or literal value.
* [kubectl create namespace](kubectl_create_namespace.md)	 - Create a namespace with the specified name.
* [kubectl create secret](kubectl_create_secret.md)	 - Create a secret using specified subcommand.
* [kubectl create serviceaccount](kubectl_create_serviceaccount.md)	 - Create a service account with the specified name.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 2-Mar-2016



<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- TAG IS_VERSIONED -->
<!-- END MUNGE: IS_VERSIONED -->


<!-- BEGIN MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
[![Analytics](https://kubernetes-site.appspot.com/UA-36037335-10/GitHub/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_create.md?pixel)]()
<!-- END MUNGE: GENERATED_ANALYTICS -->
